mojo lacks the confidence of his
intrepid neighbors and not only that his
energy levels are at an all-time low
[Music]
it's been days since he last aid and as
the rainy season wears on food is scarce
earth an ever but nyata is determined
and extremely patient
she spends hours watching and stalking
potential prey
she even memorizes every warthog den on
her patch
eventually her patience pays off another
warthog this time a huge male with
deadly tusks
she needs to get close before she
attacks the bushes provide the perfect
cover
[Music]
mission accomplished
now she must protect her kill the boar
is as big as she is it takes all her
strength to drag it into cover
it's slow an exhausting work
[Music]
a hidden island is the perfect place to
defend her kill
[Music]
she calls mojo into feast
after the meal a rare opportunity for
mum and her cub to relax
[Music]
you